+++
date = "2017-05-18T16:45:10+12:00"
draft = false
title = "prelude - it's happening"

+++

Have wrapped up work in Sydney, and took a single flight Sydney -> Wellington on April 28th!

The next year will be my *first sabbatical* and needless to say I'm excited! My biggest fear is wasting my time and realising the year
is over and feel like I did not use the time wisely. How many people are blessed enough to have a year off? Not many as far as I know..

After spending a few months wrapping up work, talking to friends and making a list of things I want to accomplish. I was 
ready to start kicking butt on my list of amazing things to do.
However, while reading
through [Reboot Your Life](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0825305640/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=0825305640&linkCode=as2&tag=0tt0-20&linkId=be40a38ecd5ef44c6807db5c47d79826)
, actually *taking* that last flight, and talking to my partner I decided chilling out is important too.
 I decided to take the first 3 weeks, while on leave, and still employed by Atlassian, as a not-quite-standard-but-still-a holiday, and use it to
 sort out mundane but important basics like getting an IRD number, arranging health insurance, rest up from a year plus
 of the weekly roundtrips between Sydney and Wellington -scaling 2 hours of timezone difference, at times 10 degrees of
 of temperature and looong days after crazy early morning flights. In between doing that I can also get a head start on
 setting up some of the projects that are part of that year list but take a little preparation and or time.
  
Things I've done in the last 2 weeks:

* Got an IRD number, simple like in Australia.
* Set up health insurance, surprisingly difficult compared to Australia. I'll write about that elsewhere and update
the link here.
* Set up [Trello](https://trello.com/otto25/recommend) board to manage my projects in the house, and my sabbatical. I've got
three boards up: one for house projects, shared with my partner, one dedicated to my sabbatical, and one to study work done
as part of [Open Source Society University](https://github.com/open-source-society/computer-science), which is a clone of
the [OSSU Trello board](https://trello.com/b/9DPXYv5f)
* Painted the new bedroom we are building inside of the current living room. Sounds claustrophobic? Our room is 3 meters high and still
has enough room to comfortably fit a normal dining table, book case and lounge area with sizable couch. Could not get away
in my old 65 m2 apartment in Amsterdam
* Got things set up to start growing 2 vegetable patches, next steps: fetching the soil, and start growing!
This is blocked on finishing up the chicken coop and run.
* Ordered 4 chickens, cleared out space in the garden behind my shed and office space, and got started on my first "real"
DIY project: building a chicken coop. Next: building the fence.
